save beauty people guys
Good, I'll do biro neodi's review.
Hi, what's up guys, I know I stayed.
without doing the obvious I think a couple of
or three weeks, right?
some people already know the reason for
I have not done any reviews
and I'm here to clarify the reason
and the asset is these people that I've broken
okay my arm I broke my arm and I
I'll try to do reviews anyway
Let's see if I can do it.
not at the moment
I can already play those little fingers.
things are much easier medium
articulate the broken arm and that's it
So people, I hope you have
clarified, right?
The reason I did not do more reviews
Anyway, guys, that's enough of that, right?
talk broken arm let's talk here
that figure that hand
this one is the beetle as I already said
before is that the ultimate version
this version has already appeared in the
drawing the ultimate spider man or us
nec comics also flame ultimate
Spider man
I was already expecting this very figure
time I thought this version of the
figure would be released in the spider series
man classics, but unfortunately she does not
was released and I do not know the reason but
face
thank goodness that they launched because this
figure here she will be part of the
my collection of spiderman figures
the ultimate universe right and this manu
beetle he is from the infinity series he is from
series of the same series of those two
other figures I've scored and saw
not the spider man and the elektro
amazing spider man 2 and this beetle it
has a variant figure
Well, in this case it would be this figure here.
which is what I think is boomerang captain
I'm not really sure if this one from here
the correct name is it anyway but the series
infinity in it brings two figures there
variants né
is the beetle the other is the merengue captain
The beetle is articulated in the head in the
chest
I think it's very important that figure
in the chest because
makes it possible for us to do
various poses of the beetle flying these
things
So I thought it was very important that
articulation here is the beetle too
articulated in the arms at the waist and
elbows
he has two elbow joints
on the elbows here and the other here is the
The beetle's hand also articulated the
zhou also has leg joints
they spin, and he has two
joints in the knees and also has
foot joints is personal is these
here beetle wings they are removable
state they actually come
loose snow you have to fit in
beetle and very cool face here I
I think her painting is expensive
the beetle painting was very cool
I went to hell and people this pair
here is the beetle and captain boomerang
they were called the light falls
né in the infinity series né mano
It's two legal figures, man. I do not know.
If I intend to catch the merengue captain
it is because as a variant figure
I think it 's harder to find
in stores right?
the mask is that
This one from here, as you have seen, is the
beetle card
and here we have other figures from the
series, we can see that it has
several other variant figures do not
of the black cat's carnage and is also
as I already told you about the beetle
well these are the figures in the series
it's not the six security guards they
here the Czech team is
green sick of the ultimate universe and hand
is here with you have realized is not the
the back of the card and here
the two characters who are 10 east
falls né the beetle and the captain merengue
and here we have a brief
The story of the effort is yours.
want to read can cause the
Video whatever be comfortable where the
people have a little nigga spider man
this is good here on the card side of
right beetle and other guys I brought here
infinity card cirs only this one
Caution here she is from the amazing spider
man 2 and this one is from another figure
in case it would be a beetle free people
you can see that the drawings on the side
on cards moved right
I do not know why this is good, and here.
as I already showed is the front part
of the card and here is his name laide
false
and here is another side with the same
drawing here is the top of the
chart and we can see that has changed
the crazy is not
in comparison to this logo here do not
amazing spider man 2 and spider that stays
on the part of
up also you can see that
changed everything on the top until the
drawing of the spider and that's it guys
hence this is the beetle cartel
so galley the beetle
it comes with the leprechaun's left leg
green
I really liked this part here, huh?
which is kind of from the torn pants
the emd I thought it was pretty cool
same
here it is articulated in the knees, right?
have two knee joints are
good
this articulation here and this one that
is also appearing here articulated
I thought it was really cool.
this detail is what gives them are
very large and the details here too
it was that leg pretty cool and was
beetle he comes with this pamphlet here
that all the other figures of the
infinity chillies spider man goes
listen too, right?
and here it shows the name of the six security guards
and every little piece that comes with them or
Green and here shows how to assemble with
Your patient amused in the case back here.
the pamphlet has nothing and that 's it
now I'll see if I can zoom in
It's for you to see the figure and face.
That's it folks I hope you
've enjoyed this mine and see right here
if possible please evaluated the video
chen I liked it down here and
you are not enrolled in the channel know the
channel now the guy please give a
force on the channel and writes on it
This helps the channel to grow and
People, I'll be leaving here in
under the links of the partner channels, right?
also do action figure reviews and
Thank you so much, and until the
next